update pypi installation (#10217)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-pip.md

# Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit from PyPI Repository {#openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_pip}

You can install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit through the PyPI repository, including both OpenVINO™ Runtime and OpenVINO™ Development Tools. Besides, from the 2022.1 release, OpenVINO Model Development Tools can only be installed via PyPI.

## Installing OpenVINO Runtime

> The OpenVINO Runtime package contains the Inference Engine. Use the following command:

Reviewer: That's not true, we don't have Inference Engine anymore. Please consider changing to:

```suggestion
The OpenVINO Runtime contains a set of libraries for an easy inference integration into your applications and supports heterogeneous execution across Intel® CPU and Intel® GPU hardware. To install OpenVINO Runtime, use the following command:
```

# Install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit from PyPI Repository {#openvino_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_pip}

You can install Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit through the PyPI repository, including both OpenVINO Runtime and OpenVINO Model Development Tools. Besides, from the 2022.1 release, OpenVINO Model Development Tools can only be installed via PyPI.

## Installing OpenVINO Runtime

The OpenVINO Runtime package contains the Inference Engine. Use the following command:
```
pip install openvino
```

For system requirements and more detailed steps, see <https://pypi.org/project/openvino>.

> ## Installing OpenVINO Model Development Tools

Reviewer 2: It would be good to clarify that installing openvino-dev also installs the runtime package openvino. openvino is a dependency of openvino-dev. So users do not have to separately install the runtime package.

Author: Agree. Adding a sentence to state that. :)

Author: Aha, I checked elsewhere and got the information "To install OpenVINO Model Development Tools, you must have OpenVINO Runtime installed as a prerequisite." @slyubimt Hi Sergey, could you help clarify whether Runtime will be automatically installed or the user should install it first?

OpenVINO Model Development Tools include Model Optimizer, Benchmark Tool, Accuracy Checker, Post-Training Optimization Tool, Model Downloader and other Open Model Zoo tools.

> 

Reviewer 2: To me, this reads like Accuracy Checker, POT etc. are also Open Model Zoo tools, and something like `Post-Training Optimization Tool and Open Model Zoo tools, including Model Downloader` (or different phrasing) would be more clear.

Author: Right, I didn't notice the ambiguity when I just copied each component from the list. Updated as you suggested. Thanks :)
